Privacy Policy

Last updated: August 07, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application refers to Mijn Boodschappen, the software program provided by the Company.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Mijn Boodschappen.
Country refers to the Netherlands.
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the Application.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service, or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected

Personal Data

We do not collect any personal data from users of our Service. All data you enter into the Mijn Boodschappen app is stored locally on your device using Realm and is not transmitted to our servers or any third parties.

Usage Data

We do not collect any usage data from the use of our Service.

Use of Your Personal Data

Since we do not collect any personal data, we do not use any data for any purposes.

Retention of Your Personal Data

We do not retain any personal data as we do not collect any.

Transfer of Your Personal Data

We do not transfer any personal data as we do not collect any.

Delete Your Personal Data

Since we do not collect any personal data, there is no data for us to delete. All data is stored locally on your device, and you can manage it through the app.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data

We do not disclose any personal data as we do not collect any.

Security of Your Personal Data

The security of your data is important to Us, but please remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect any data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: icodebytito@icloud.com
